Revise multiplexing.md for clarity on timestamps and flow control (#58)
cardano-scaling/cardano-blueprint: src/network/multiplexing.md

- Multiplexing of multiple
  [mini-protocols](mini-protocols.md)[^agnostic] over a single connection
- Timing information for latency measurement

Note that the multiplexer forwards streams of bytes between pairs of endpoints
on both ends of the connection like a TCP connection. Splitting those streams
into individual messages is done on the messaging layer that uses the multiplexer,

> which in case of the mini-protocols is achieved by the CBOR encoding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which in case of the Cardano's mini-protocols is achieved by the CBOR encoding.
```

Multiplexer is codec agnostic.

per second).

The mode is selected according to the role of the message sender within
the given mini-protocol, i.e. responses have the inverse mode of their
corresponding queries. Note that the TCP role of initiator/responder is
not linked to the role of the endpoint in the mini-protocols: a TCP
initiator may initiate or respond to mini-protocols, just like a TCP
responder.

The mini-protocol ID is fixed for each one of the NTN protocols. The section that describes each mini-protocol starts specifying the mini-protocol number.

When receiving a segment from the network, the multiplexer will append the
received bytes to a buffer held for the mini-protocol stated in the header.
Whenever there is data in the buffer and demand from the mini-protocol
handler, an attempt is made to deserialize a protocol message from a
prefix of the buffer; if this succeeds, the bytes are consumed and the
message is sent to the protocol handler. Note how the absence of demand
from the protocol handler asserts back pressure into the multiplexer’s
buffer.

## Flow Control

The protocols using the multiplexer are expected to govern their own flow

> control such that there will be no head of line blocking. This is enforced

Reviewer: The multiplexer protects against head of line blocking, one doesn't need to do anything on the mini-protocol level, which the sentence suggest.

by placing an upper bound on the number of buffered bytes for a given
mini-protocol ID, with the bound given by the mini-protocol implementation.
The multiplexer will disconnect the peer in the event of a buffer overrun.

> Note that when supporting pipelining of mini-protocols, it is important to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that when supporting pipelining of messages for a given mini-protocol, it is important to
```
